what's up guys i'm back with the caps
and doors for your gopro hero3 if you
have this camera you've invested quite a
bit of money so i suggest this is the
number one accessory you pick up for it
once we get in the package here i
accidentally lead to my first video but
it's just your standard gopro bagging it
just your clear see through bag i cut it
off that's it you're not missing
anything by not having an unboxing
officially but once we get inside here
you got a housing cap cap for your lens
whenever your camera's out of the
housing a side door and a battery
compartment cap first off we're going to
take a look here at the lens that goes
over your housing it's a kind of a
smooth soft somewhat pliable flexible
little flex to it soft plastic it's not
a silicone or anything like that but you
just slip it right over your button and
your lens directly on your housing and
just kind of push it down make sure it's
secure and that will protect your camera
any time you have it out and are using
it now the next one we're going to look
at is actually for your camera whenever
it is out so if you're charging it or
getting your photos off or whatever this
one just slips right over the end of
your camera lens one of its out of the
housing so that just pops on and off
right here your camera has the lens
itself has a slightly rubber texture
there so it actually fits pretty snugly
and it is again the same kind of a soft
plastic material that's not a soft
plastic it's not it has a little bit of
give so that's why I'm calling it soft
it's a slightly flexible material and
that will be the number one protection
because you don't want that lens right
there in your camera to get scratched
you can't replace it as easily as you
can the one on your housing next we have
the battery compartment door battery
door battery compartment and this is
identical to the one that you get if
you're like me i tend to never put it
back on i slap my backpack on there
throughout the housing and i go but they
do suggest you obviously keep it on
there anything you can do to keep water
out if it would happen to leak is always
going to be better and then here we have
a side compartment door it's a
an identical to the exact same one that
you get with your camera originally
again most people lose these so that's
why they're giving you a couple
replacements there is no change though
it just slid slides right in here and
hooks right into your ports and covers
that all up and keeps it protected just
in case you would happen to get it wet
anyways this is the absolute cheapest
way that you can protect your investment
and keep these lenses scratch free and
clean alright guys thanks for watching
please like and subscribe